font-nanum-square
font-nanum-square-neo
font-nanum-square-round
font-pixel-code
fontcreator
freelens
green-go-control
helio
helpwire-operator
imaging-edge-webcam
istherenet
jottacloud
leader-key
linearmouse@beta
lyric-fever
macai
mihomo-party
mixing-station
muteme
readest
rivet
satdump
serial-studio
spectrolite
startupfolder
stratoshark@dev
tdr-molotok
tdr-prism
termora
valhalla-freq-echo
valhalla-space-modulator
valhalla-supermassive
windowkeys

You have 27 outdated formulae and 2 outdated casks installed.

Warning: python@3.13 3.13.1 is already installed and up-to-date.
To reinstall 3.13.1, run:
  brew reinstall python@3.13
rifaterdemsahin@Rifats-MacBook-Pro ~ % python3 --version
Python 3.13.1
rifaterdemsahin@Rifats-MacBook-Pro ~ % clear

rifaterdemsahin@Rifats-MacBook-Pro ~ %  pip install websocket-client
zsh: command not found: pip
rifaterdemsahin@Rifats-MacBook-Pro ~ % pip install websocket-client
zsh: command not found: pip
rifaterdemsahin@Rifats-MacBook-Pro ~ % pip3 install websocket-client

[notice] A new release of pip is available: 24.3.1 -> 25.0
[notice] To update, run: python3.13 -m pip install --upgrade pip
error: externally-managed-environment

× This environment is externally managed
╰─> To install Python packages system-wide, try brew install
    xyz, where xyz is the package you are trying to
    install.
    
    If you wish to install a Python library that isn't in Homebrew,
    use a virtual environment:
    
    python3 -m venv path/to/venv
    source path/to/venv/bin/activate
    python3 -m pip install xyz
    
    If you wish to install a Python application that isn't in Homebrew,
    it may be easiest to use 'pipx install xyz', which will manage a
    virtual environment for you. You can install pipx with
    
    brew install pipx
    
    You may restore the old behavior of pip by passing
    the '--break-system-packages' flag to pip, or by adding
    'break-system-packages = true' to your pip.conf file. The latter
    will permanently disable this error.
    
    If you disable this error, we STRONGLY recommend that you additionally
    pass the '--user' flag to pip, or set 'user = true' in your pip.conf
    file. Failure to do this can result in a broken Homebrew installation.
    
    Read more about this behavior here: <https://peps.python.org/pep-0668/>

note: If you believe this is a mistake, please contact your Python installation or OS distribution provider. You can override this, at the risk of breaking your Python installation or OS, by passing --break-system-packages.
hint: See PEP 668 for the detailed specification.
rifaterdemsahin@Rifats-MacBook-Pro ~ % 
